Two years in a row. well done.
Yes. thank you.
Alert the media.
Oh wait. that's us.
And now we've arrived
at the golden keyboard.
For the story or series that
constitutes outstanding enterprise.
Or investigative reporting. our first nominee
from the New York Vanguard is Andy Sachs.
For Hearts of the City.
Stories of Resilience.
Our second nominee from the Gotham
Sentinel is George Ali for The Subway Case.
For The World Report. Yvonne Simpson
for The Cost of Medical Care is Terminated.
From the New York Metro Constitution.
Daniel Goldbaum for Fighting Fire and Fire.
It's everybody.
And the winner is Andy Sachs.
Oh. thank you for this award.
Sorry. I know I look shocked
sad instead of shocked happy.
And that's because I just. I
am a whole table full of talented.
award winning professionals.
From my paper. the Vanguard just got fired.
By text.
We understand journalism is changing. but it's still
devastating when something like this happens to you.
Turns out. our parent company
is taking a $500 million write down.
So we're. technical term. toast.
I can't believe they just fired everyone.
At least it's a good picture of you.
It just feels so terrible
for everyone at the paper.
John's wife's about to
have their second baby.
Allison just bought a house.
Also. it's so unfair.
The CEO of the company that owns the
paper just took home $11 million last year.
Make that make sense.
I can't.
But you are going to be okay.
I don't know. though.
Everyone I know has gone through
this layoffs. downsizing. consolidation.
That's just brutal.
Anyway. I know that I'm lucky.
I know that a lot of people
have it worse than me.
Most people have it worse than me.
It's just. I'll be fine.
I'll be fine.
It is so unfair.
You've worked your ass
off for a whole two decades.
All across the country and the world.
and you never took the easy paycheck.
I never slept with a colleague.
One.
Two.
Anyway. the point is that I never slept
with anyone who could promote me.
Just the hot. powerless ones.
Are you sure you don't want to
come and work for me at the gallery?
I need someone who'll go write decent copy.
And you need a job.
So sweet.
No. thank you.
Not yet.
So when do I tell him?
Okay.
Alright.
Hold on.
You're sure the story's
not gonna break tonight?
Pierre says we have a day or two.
Well. that's something.
I won't tell him until tomorrow. then.
No point in spoiling the evening.
Alright.
Beautiful!
I don't think you're gonna want to do that.
Oh. my God.
Let's go.
No. not tonight.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell you
that the story broke online.
And the business of
fashion has already run it.
How bad is it?
A disaster.
It's gone completely viral.
You want to take a look?
Nigel. can I see that?
Do I have my glasses on?
Sure.
Anyway. you're being blamed
for absolutely everything.
Oh god. Irma's gonna flip.
Yep.
And the timing couldn't be worse.
I know.
Chin up.
Let's go face the music.
Oh. it's this appalling
company called Speedfash.
They lied to us about
their working conditions.
They tricked our reporters.
So now we are accused of being conspicuous
in promoting this perfectly horrible company.
The lengths that some
people go to to turn a profit.
So now we are the villains du jour.
Served up red by being hot.
Well. good for you. I say.
It ends up always the most interesting.
Oh god. Irma.
Ah. that is my cue to
take the dog out for a walk.
Hey Jude. let's get this done.
Hello there.
What the hell. Miranda?
Dad. check this out.
We are getting killed online.
I am getting angry emails
from ad buyers for Tiffany Fendi.
Bulgari!
Well. I...
Who's gonna pay for your price book?
I've already been on
the phone to advertisers.
I'm meeting with them in the morning.
And I'm gonna have a very
direct conversation with Ash.
Don't.
I'll fix it.
This is abysmal timing.
I'm pondering this huge move for you.
And this happens.
Dad. this is bad.
Even the journalists thrashing runway.
And all of Alaska is getting wiped.
Our monkeys. our circus.
I know.
How are we gonna claw
back any shred of credibility?
Check this out.
Because some things don't
matter more than money.
Journalism still fucking matters!
Yo.
Miranda Priestley?
I thought she was smarter than this.
I just think that you're not relevant.
She's a relic.
Who said she's a dinosaur?
I know. I shouldn't watch you. but do
you know that I'll be in the Yellowstone?
No. Chloe.
Hello?
Auntie Sax?
Yes?
Earth Rabbits.
Quite a speech you made today.
Oh?
Hi.
Looks like you need a job.
I can't even believe I'm thinking about
going back to work at that magazine.
How's it sounding?
Twice what I made at the Vanguard.
and Earth promised that I would have a real budget
to tell stories and hire real writers like you guys.
so I don't know.
Hey. no one here is judging you.
I am currently editing a memoir by one of Paris
Hilton's chihuahuas. a sassy applehead named Chetan.
Just to back up. you can hire us.
Your complete abandonment
of your principles means a lot.
Cheers to that.
You know what you could do?
If you took the job.
you could write a book.
The definitive Miranda Priestly expose.
No. I couldn't do that.
An insider's book about
Miranda could be huge.
I'm going to text my boss.
No. no. no. no. no.
I bet you can't dare.
50k for it.
No. no. really don't do that.
No. no. no. guys. I would
never get hired again by anyone.
Yeah. she has a point.
Some whiny girl complaining about her boss?
Okay. he said a well-written proposal. and we all know
you do write well. could get you something like 100k.
No. no. I'm sorry.
No. I'm just not that person.
I'm not.
Maybe I can make something of this job.
Rugby does have a history
of publishing great writing.
No. I'm going to walk in there tomorrow with a big smile
on my face. and I'm going to make something of this job.
Okay?
Don't worry. I fixed it.
Be ready at 9. Irv.
And you know who demanded we be
crosstown at 9.15. so how do we do both?
We don't have time for this.
What does he mean. I fixed it?
No idea.
Your 9am is here.
Hello.
Miranda.
Nigel.
What did TJ Maxx write in?
Hello.
Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I've got to admit. I was really
surprised when Irv called.
I mean. a lot of time
has gone by. but I'm just...
I'm so happy for the chance to...
Sorry.
Who is this?
Do you know her?
You might remember Andy.
She was one of the Emilys.
One of what?
The Emily from...
Mandy Sachs.
The smart fat girl.
I was one of your assistants eons ago.
Maybe Irv didn't fill you in.
And Irv sent you here to...
To run the features department.
Be the features editor.
He hired me last night.
He didn't tell you?
So. he said that we need to...
Runway needs to take control of
the narrative of the Speedpatch story.
And restore credibility.
He thought someone with my
expertise would be a good idea.
But I thought that for
sure you had approved.
And we're excited.
And that's why I came in here all like...
Amari.
Yes.
Get Ashley on the phone. please.
Hi. good morning Miranda.
Yes. Ashley.
Flying on the plane.
Anyway. we don't need you this morning.
Or ever.
So. pack up your things.
And HR will be in to see you shortly.
Happy?
You just cost Cornell's
summa cum laude her job.
First in her family to
go to college. I believe.
Anyway. come on.
Come on.
You should get that looked at.
The injury or condition or
whatever that causes you to trudge.
So. I was thinking that when
we get back to the offices.
We could sit down and go
through some of your priorities.
I could share some of my insights into
the editorial direction of the magazine.
First though. we need to
appease an important advertiser.
Is that what you're calling?
Yes.
They're furious about speed fashion.
God knows what they're
going to extract from me.
Free ad space.
Targeted editorial.
Cornea.
Luckily though. I'm not worried.
Because I have you.
Flown in from on high to help
redirect a century old institution.
With the benefit of your
infinite wisdom and...
What?
Oh. expertise.
Dior constitutes 16% of our design spend.
And our leading sponsors of all
our special events. which ain't cheap.
Okay.
Fix this.
We've got this.
Who do we have to talk to?
Am I having a hallucination?
Emily. hi.
Wow.
You also know her?
Well. we were at Runway
at the same time. Miranda.
Really?
Where was I?
Right.
Um. shall we?
Miss Charlton. you're glowing.
It seems retail still suits you.
Nigel. hanging in there
by your fingernails?
Remember when magazine grew thin?
All right. come on in. everybody.
Take a seat.
Lots to discuss.
Um. who would you like to start?
Okay. so. um. I'm the new
features editor at Runway.
No. you're not.
Are you serious?
Wow.
Wonders never cease.
No. I'm actually a journalist now.
I've been published in...
Doesn't matter.
Anyway. we are all well aware that running that
story was a mistake and are taking immediate steps.
I cannot actually get over this.
It's really remarkable.
A senior editor at Runway.
You.
Yep.
We're all so thrilled.
What's funny is you've changed.
You have.
You're much more confident.
Kept those eyebrows. though. didn't you?
Um. right. Miranda. oof. how are you?
I mean. what a shambles.
I've had to unruffle so many feathers.
Because as you know. our association with Runway and
with you is predicated on your sterling reputation.
Momentary lapse.
And we're doing everything
we can to make it right with you.
Good. because I was
quite shocked reading it.
No. I'm sure. as you can appreciate. it's
also important that we have editorial freedom.
We have to maintain
our journalistic integrity.
Integrity. I see.
La dee da. Andy.
Very high-minded of you.
Well. please help yourself
to standards. Galore.
But if there are no
advertisers. there's no Runway.
No us. no you.
And we understand that completely.
Oh. good.
I think as a consequence of your lapse in judgment. there's
just a few things we'd quite like just to smooth it all over.
We are thinking at least three pages of advertising
credit and a feature on the opening of our new flagship.
Six pages.
Three.
No. five.
Four.
I'm sorry. are we at a fish market. Nigel?
It's five. with brand
mentions in all captions.
Miranda?
Absolutely. we'll get
right on that immediately.
Great.
I'm confused.
You just let them tell you what to do?
Because if I'm here to
restore your credibility...
Did you not hear her?
No them. no us.
We need our advertisers. Andrea.
The September issue is already
so thin. you could floss with it.
The advertisers are important.
I know that I'm not brand new. but...
Let's be clear.
You did not earn this job.
I did not hire you.
You are a...
CEO's latest whim.
And all I need to do is to
bide my time until you fail.
And you will.
Fail.
Why don't you take the train. dear?
They're just eyebrows.
Hi.
We weren't properly introduced yesterday.
I'm Andy Sachs.
Charlie.
I'm the second assistant.
Hi. Charlie.
Hey.
Everybody just calls me Charlie with a chair. if you
want. because I'm already the one who leaves my desk.
Oh. no. it's okay.
A million girls were killed for this show.
Heard that.
Is Miranda any long?
Maybe a week.
There you are.
I am on time.
So. you're the kind of person
who thinks on time is on time.
Okay. got it.
All right. come on.
I'll straight to your office.
I'm worried.
Are you competing?
Please. I had a mentee.
Oh.
Was it worth it?
No.
Actually. I should probably
talk to Miranda first.
I'll take you to your office.
Good luck. Charlie.
Thanks.
So. I used to have your job.
I heard.
It's such a remarkable fact.
Yeah. back in 2006.
Had to go to Paris Fashion Week.
Bought a bunch of pieces from
the Chanel collection that year.
Oh. wait. the one with the page boy hats.
I hope it was some love.
You still have all of it?
No. I gave it away.
What?
Would have been a bit much for a newsroom.
This is you.
Oh. okay.
And this was Ashley's office?
No. Miranda wanted you to
have this one for some reason.
For some reason. right?
Are you a Salvation Army?
I stole these for you.
All from this season.
What?
Lie about where you got them.
There's more where that came from.
But you can't be greedy.
Cafeteria?
Great.
Marta?
Come on.
I don't mind that place.
Is it?
Margiela?
Erected in Improval.
11 months.
Anything you'd like for mom to hear. babe?
Not bad.
Babe?
Ah. Kate.
Winding road that brings us back to me.
Watching you. little goon. you'll fall.
It's so good to see you. Nathan.
Marta is very lucky you're
still with the magazine.
What magazine?
You must know that Runway stopped
being a magazine many years ago.
I mean. we still have a book.
but practically nobody buys it.
No?
We are digital. we are
downloadable. we are streamable.
We're in the ether.
And the budgets?
I used to get four weeks in Africa
with Adderall to do a glossy sprint.
and now I'm lucky if I get two days in Milk Studios to
shoot content that people scroll past whilst they pee.
So.
Yeah?
Is it just me. or has
Miranda been extra spicy?
You see her outside of New York?
I thought her head was going
to spin completely around.
She's on edge because Irv is about to
promote her to global head of content.
No way. that's a huge job.
But the problem is. a speedflash
debacle might derail the whole thing.
What you're saying is. she needs me.
Oh. you're serious.
Are you Annie?
Yes.
Hi. I'm Jin Qiao. I'm your new assistant.
Oh. I was wondering
about that. nice to meet you.
I was an intern this morning. but when a desk
opens up. the intern's get a chance to interview.
And guess what?
Nobody wanted to work in your
department because it's not actual fashion.
So I just. like. got it.
Isn't that cool?
Barry. you don't want me.
I didn't say that.
If you don't want me. you
can interview someone else.
That's totally fine.
I know. I did go to Yale.
3.86 GPA.
Lead soprano with the whiffing poofs.
And my ACT score was
36 on my very first try.
But no. you seem great.
I'm happy to have you.
Great. okay. great. okay.
Um. so listen. I'm going to be working late
tonight. so I'm just going to need a couple things.
First. I...
Is Miranda hanging up her own coat?
Oh. yeah. I heard there
were some HR complaints.
Apparently she used it just
to throw her coat at people.
Maybe some things have changed.
Oh. anyway. yes. working late tonight.
It was boring.
You're not still waiting
for the book. are you?
Oh. yeah.
She likes hard copies.
Still.
Um. can I give you something
to bring home to her?
Of course. I'll have it over.
Thank you.
Oh. when you go to her house. no matter what
anyone tells you. you're going to go up the stairs.
Never.
It would be stupid not to do that.
Don't worry.
Vanessa Freedman in The Times says
the Andy story is a bracing mea culpa.
Yeah. but anyone besides culture
writers actually click on the story.
Not really. but optics-wise.
saved our bacon. right?
We'll see.
Joey's still out.
Nigel in?
No. just not in.
I read your piece.
It was really good.
Oh. thank you.
Oh. that was a corporate file.
Oh. yeah.
The Barnes piece.
Obviously. it was
from before they're split.
Yeah.
I love Sasha Barnes.
I know.
I've tried to get an interview with her like
a million times. but I've always struck out.
Oh. you're not the only one.
Really?
Miranda would kill.
Not that they're divorced.
Hey. it's all right.
Sasha. one of the richest
women in the world.
Interesting.
I feel like I could write a book
about just his before and after.
You know what I mean?
Like. the original Benji Barnes is like that slow-shouldered
nerd who's. like. never seen the inside of a weight room.
Lately. there was a
picture of him the other day.
A few steroids. a smidge of
sculpture. some azimthic. and voila.
He's a modern miracle.
It's a modern miracle.
I kind of love a glock.
It's compelling.
Olé.
Oh.
We took some vintage Muglers in Westwoods. and
we shot them downtown in the Washington Muse.
And you were there when
these images were taken?
Yes. I was.
So the intention was dull and listless.
I wouldn't say that was the goal.
When the models were encouraged
to mill around like starving goats
in the parking lot of a
methadone clinic in New Jersey.
Well. what am I not allowed to say?
Methadone?
No.
New Jersey.
Anyway.
This was our first time using this
photographer. so we can do a reshoot.
Just. you know. fix it.
So...
Who else?
Marta. what do you have cooking?
We're seeing a lot of corp core for this year's resort. so
I was thinking of doing an interactive piece on the app.
where you choose a national park. and then
you choose a hiking shoe and a bum bag.
Oh.
Bum bag.
Made my suicide.
What?
What do you mean. no. no?
I'm not talking about killing other people.
Yet.
Okay.
All right.
Who else?
Lala. what do you have?
The re-report of the Speed
Bash story went over well.
Media critics responded to our
candor and to us taking responsibility.
Right.
But did anyone read the piece?
I don't know.
Nigel. how are the metrics on that one?
Mm-mm.
See. you are here to write and
edit features that people read.
And when that happens. yes.
you may interrupt a meeting.
But until then...
Mm-mm.
Let's talk about rodeo bow ties.
This one's cute.
That was kind of rough.
I mean. it just steered
us through a crisis.
Is it so hard to acknowledge that?
Oh. yes.
The girl likes validation.
Did your parents hang all of your
finger paintings up on the tree?
No. it's not bad.
I don't need a pat on the head.
I just know what she wants.
All right. I need constructive feedback.
Oh. feedback.
And a lollipop or just feedback?
Did you need this job?
Did you take the job?
So figure out a way to do this job.
Bye.
Fine.
I'm going to talk a little
bit about how to do this.
Can you see this?
Oh. that's far too pink. and we are subtle.
We're not Valentino. you know what I mean?
Is this the sample I sent you?
Tulip Whisper?
That's the one.
Oh. I don't know.
I don't know about that.
Wow.
Oh. there she is.
Is this all you?
It is.
It's impressive.
You are very busy.
Thank you for your time.
The thinking is that we will cover the new
flagship. and your role in putting it together.
So I'm horrendous. I do.
Yours might.
Fine.
If that's what you think
is best. then that's fine.
Okay. great.
Mind you give me a tour?
Okay. will do.
Ken. it is not a whisper.
It's a cry for help.
This. of course. is a tribute to the grand staircase
at the original Dior atelier on Avenue Montaigne.
This is incredible.
I know.
And the cost?
I'm not going to discuss
that. Andy. but it is whopping.
What?
What is that sickening look?
It's just...
It's nice to see you all grown up.
So gooey.
I don't think you've used to make that
thing. because you were always so irritating.
Yeah. you were a barrel of fun.
Oh. hey. hey. hey.
Listen.
Wow. it's nice to see you again.
Catch me up.
Who are you now?
No.
Like. after this. just human to human.
Fine.
I am divorced from a pathological narcissist.
thank God. but I've got two beautiful children.
One of rock. one of
collegiate. one of champion.
Good for you.
They're gorgeous. right?
Yeah.
You?
I left New York for 15 years.
Just lived everywhere. chasing stories.
And I'm not married. never.
I'm the right person.
And my kids are at a
doctor's office on Lady Beth.
They're frozen eggs
right now. but I like them.
Okay. why did you leave your money?
I'm sorry. is this an expose?
No. it's just a question.
It's not really relevant.
Well. I mean. you've worshipped that
place and Miranda. so why did you leave?
Why are you even asking me why?
I mean. have a perv around this place.
Luxury retail is the only sector in the
fashion business that still makes money.
That's it.
Retail.
Everything else. forget it.
So yes. happy to be here. frankly.
Because do you know that 20 years ago.
a $100 handbag was considered a splurge?
Brands like us. we changed all that.
Use logos. branding. because
everyone understands. everyone gets it.
That your bag. your scarf. your
perfume. your umbrella. write this down.
It tells the world who you
are. what you care about.
And now. there's housewives in Banff who wouldn't
dream of going out without one of our $3.000 totes.
And that's a good thing?
I don't know. is it a bad thing to
bring beauty and design to everyone?
Everyone here has three heads and nose.
Have you heard of Christmas?
Anyway. don't you worry about me
and my career. worry about yourself.
Haven't seen any of your
stories get any traction.
Nothing moving the needle there.
What does Miranda say about it?
Is she being tough on you?
It's no more Miranda stuff.
Yes. sir.
Yes. I am looking at the
numbers as you speak.
Okay. I...
That sounded like a warm bath.
It's as if he forgets he hired her.
His hire. my problem.
Did he say anything at all
about the global editorial job?
No. he's gone mum about all that.
I've spent my career trying to
figure out what people need to know.
Now I need to figure out
what people want to click on.
It's just...
Maybe you just have to figure out
how to do those things at the same time.
You know. like. the smart
stuff and the fun stuff.
Oh. okay.
Would you like a...
No. I'm not going to
sit or if called frustrated.
Your pieces are not breaking through.
Yeah. no. but I do have to say that I think
that some of these pieces are worthwhile.
Worth whose what?
I mean. that you want to turn
new readers on to romance. great.
But maybe you don't want to
turn off the ones we already have?
Yeah. I didn't want to...
But we do have some
important work coming up.
Oh. okay.
I...
I'm doing a Sacha Barnes profile.
You really have an interview?
Except...
Uh. close.
I'm just laughing at the
details. but I have an interview.
Sacha Barnes hasn't
done press in three years.
A bit of a Holy Grail interview-wise.
That's what makes it so exciting.
So what's your interview?
Oh. I don't have one.
Here we go.
You know. it's...
God. this house is just wow.
Even back then they
were just so insanely rich.
And just so I'm clear. you have no way to get
to Sacha. but you told Miranda that you do?
Correct.
That's standing a little
close to the fire. no?
I am the fire.
Don't say that to people.
Oh. yeah. yeah. I know this piece.
This is a Cecily Brown.
It sold for over 600k back in 2009.
Okay. do you know who sold it to them?
Yeah. probably my friend Paula.
She's Cecily's biggest dealer.
Can she get me Sacha's number?
Maybe.
I'm gonna call Paula.
You go faster?
You got to chill.
I know. okay.
Paula said you might be able to
get me a number for Sacha Barnes.
Uh-huh.
You can't?
Dog trainer?
I'll take it.
I just want to ask her some questions.
Yes. no. I promise I
won't come back to you.
Thank you.
Sacha.
Hi. Eddie Sachs from Runway again.
We love to talk when you
have a sex. so call me anytime.
Anytime.
I'm always clutching my phone.
Sorry. I am so focused
on getting this story.
No worries.
I left Sacha 18 messages and I
researched everyone she knows.
Anyone I've ever met.
Love that for you.
All right. where is this lunch place?
Right here.
Really?
What?
Star on Zilla.
Isn't she gorge?
Anyway. even if I left
it. I can't afford that.
Sure you can.
You're making double your own salary.
For how long?
Come on. let's just go take a
sneak peek at a model unit. okay?
I just want you to have
the apartment you deserve.
I mean. you got to admit.
Yeah. it's not bad.
Uh-huh.
I bet you wouldn't have to bang
on the faucet to get running water.
The party's so long.
I'm going to go check out the bedroom.
Hey.
This apartment.
It's pretty nice. huh?
I think you'll like this kind of thing.
Renovated properties?
Everything that's wrong with our society.
Mine. mine. totally. yeah.
No. no. no. not everyone.
I mean. I don't...
I do love new places.
It just kind of breaks my heart when you find a
historic building and then they do. you know...
Well. that's heartbreaking.
And the other thing
is. you know. I did this.
This is me.
This is my building.
It's fine.
No. okay.
Hi.
Hello.
I'm a jerk.
I'm Peter.
Andy.
Nice to meet you.
I don't want you to think that I'm like
a greedy developer. because I'm not.
I'm a contractor.
So I just found the building and I cobbled together
a bunch of rich old people who are. you know.
awful. disgusting. heartbreaking
people. and they bought it.
And I got to work on it.
And. you know. they
gave me a little slice of that.
Also. the city was going to knock it down.
It was in bad shape.
No.
No. it was.
It was in bad shape.
Oh. no.
They had rats here.
Save the building.
Well. hero's your word.
I don't want to play into that narrative.
But there were rats here
that were basically men.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm just sorry.
Oh. hi.
Lily. this is Peter.
Yeah.
Peter.
And I've got to go.
I'm so sorry I insulted
you both in the book.
It's fine.
Huh.
You two were having a moment.
You think so?
What's your story?
My story?
Single?
Yeah.
Why?
Divorced.
Yes.
Kids?
No.
Do you have a card?
Yeah.
I'll be checking your socials.
Where is she?
Why?
Try the chair.
Where is she?
Okay.
I'll look.
Um.
We were thinking about
Victorian and Edwardian dress.
And the incredible underlines of how they
exaggerate and enhance a woman's figure.
You hate the bow.
I don't like the bow.
Michael.
I told you she hated the bow.
I got the holy grail.
Why grant an interview now?
I didn't intend to live a public life.
I got my PhD.
Taught anthropology while
Benji was tinkering with code.
I had no idea that would. you know. put me
on a rocket ship into this hall of mirrors.
To mix a couple of metaphors.
But here I am.
This estate.
This art collection.
And my goal is. well. actually my obligation
is to eventually give everything I have away.
Well. we're very grateful
you chose to sit down with us.
Lately. I've noticed what you've been doing with your
articles is more gravitas and an actual point of view.
You know. you haven't asked
me a single thing about Benji.
Either the original or the 2.0 version.
Why should you be defined by that marriage?
He isn't.
You're right.
I'm not.
Nor will I be defined by my second.
I'm engaged.
I met someone who has his own life and doesn't
give a shit about all this fanfare around me.
Engagement?
I did not have any idea.
Well. no one does.
You're the first.
I mean. I'm not sure why
people care. but they seem to.
Yeah.
You know. go ahead and write the story.
It's my little gift to you.
This is huge.
A fabulous bit of gossip that we are
breaking about an iconic but elusive woman.
The photos are gorgeous.
Your article is great.
My styling is genius.
This is what Marmite does best.
What if Miranda doesn't like it?
Don't be negative.
Yeah. why would I be negative?
Stop it.
But...
Really?
Right?
Yep.
So. let's just...
Well. it is our main piece.
Push it out to the subscribers and
put it on top of the socials as well.
That's great.
Hi.
You came back?
I came back.
Good.
Any apartments still available?
I think it's like 15 or 20.
How many do you want?
Let's start with one.
I think it's good.
But I also happen to have other stories that
I had to post today about coconut water.
And private jokes
between you and your lover.
And enzyme peels.
Enzyme peels.
What is that?
What is an enzyme peel?
Peel.
It peels the skin off your face.
Does it now?
Right off.
Wow.
You didn't pay for that?
Maybe I should.
I've still got all my old skin.
No. that's completely out.
I feel like I'm out.
You're done.
You're over.
But you still get to do real journalism.
Please. tell me that you do.
You know what was amazing?
The series you did on the Federal
Reserve when you were the Vanguard.
You read a four-piece series about the
inner workings of the Federal Reserve.
without knowing if you were
ever going to see me again?
I did.
And that's weird that I did that.
Now. hearing you say it. that is weird.
I shouldn't have told you that.
It's nice.
It's really nice.
I've been in long-term relationships with guys who
have never read anything of mine. so it's very nice.
That's appalling.
I know.
It's crazy.
But I can't help it.
Part of me does hope that this is a stint
at Runway and that it's a stepping stone.
that I get to go back
and do real journalism.
And. you know. work for a paper or a
serious-minded magazine or write a book.
A book?
Think you've got a book in you?
I actually have an offer for a book.
That's awesome.
My friend wants me to write a
book about someone famous.
Oh.
Okay?
But she wants the trashy tabloid version.
But I would want to make it good.
I guess I could make it good.
You made the Federal Reserve sexy.
I'm sure you'd be fine
with a celebrity person.
And then you'd be on a date with an author.
Because that's what this is.
This is. I mean. this is a date.
Does talking about it
make it less of a date?
Talking about it makes it more of a date.
Are we on more of a date?
We're on more of a date
than we previously were.
I like being on more of a date.
Tell me I'm not interested
in doing the tabloid version.
It would have to be elevated and rigorous.
Would that be something your
editor would be interested in?
Wait. are you kidding me?
No. don't.
Okay.
All right.
I'm going to send over a few
pages and a proposal and...
Angie. are you for real on this?
Because. like. this would
really help me at the company.
You better not be messing
with me on this. all right?
Because. oh. my God!
I'm so excited!
What are we doing?
We're going to the book party.
Okay.
Just. you know. please
keep this between us. okay?
Thank you.
Bye.
Hi.
So. I got a text that Miranda
wants to see me this Saturday.
Mm-hmm.
At her house in the Hamptons?
Yes.
She's having people there for the weekend.
Wait. I'm people?
What?
Perhaps I have requested you.
And that bird's going to be there?
Johnny. what did we say about laughing?
Stella!
Hi.
I may have no shame in it.
Just three.
Good Lord.
What?
I don't own anything for the Hamptons.
I don't Hampton.
I've never Hamptoned.
Calm down.
I once put together a whole suite of
summer looks for RBG. and she slayed.
Okay. so. a weekend in the Hamptons.
I mean. does this mean I'm in?
No.
So when can I relax?
Um. I'd say coffin.
I know.
Yes.
Okay.
Here's what you need.
Tendy.
We need that.
The Brunello Cuccinelli pants.
Love those.
And. oh. yes.
Gabriella Hurst.
Gorgeous. gorgeous. gorgeous.
And custom Kelly.
What about this?
No.
This is quiet luxury.
Luxury that is so quiet
you need an ear trumpet.
Okay. you definitely need an embroidered two-piece totem
set. but not the terracotta because you're so pale.
Let's go with the ivory.
Now. remember. all this just alone.
Got it?
I need every single bit back by Monday.
Got it.
Okay.
No. that is not quiet.
That is like a screaming guitar solo.
Sorry.
That is so pretty.
Yes. it is. but it's
inappropriate for this occasion.
Sorry.
Not a stain.
Not even a hint of a stain.
Nothing.
I mean nothing.
Please. I'm not a kid anymore.
Oh. God.
I can't watch that.
Shoes.
Ask for shoes.
You have to present as
soon as we get them. okay?
Okay. Jen.
All right.
Good.
Hi.
Andy Sachs?
Andy Sachs.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Hello.
You must be Andy.
Hi.
You're Stuart Simmons.
I am.
Let me take that.
Very nice to meet you.
And you.
I'm a big fan of your quartet.
Really?
Since yesterday when I found out I'd be
meeting you and I wasn't even on Spotify.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm not.
It was wonderful.
You are very kind.
and that is a terrific job.
Oh. thank you.
I want you to meet two
of my favorite people.
Selenka and John.
I saw your symphony.
Yes.
At Carnegie Hall.
It was extraordinary.
Kara Swisher.
Hi.
Oh. hi.
Lovely.
I know.
I saw the painting.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Hi.
I'm Carl.
Yes.
Carl.
Yes. yes.
Hello.
How are you doing?
It was a great series.
Oh. appreciate it.
It was a thrill to be in New York.
Jenna Bush Hager.
Hi.
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
It was quite an interview.
Highest engagement of any
runway story in eight years.
Tomi Adeyemi and Molly Chang.
You should know Tina Brown.
Tina. this is Annie Sutton.
Your piece.
Incredible.
Viral.
I'm getting alerts every ten seconds.
No comments.
We don't have enough roses.
No.
Oh. hello.
Hello.
Thank you so much for inviting me.
It's such a wonderful crowd.
I just talked to Irv.
You know that big party Elias
Clarke's throwing for his 75th?
That's where he's going to make
the announcement about my new role.
I'm going to be global head of content
across all Elias Clarke publications.
Oh.
Wow.
That is... wow. You know. he's been
holding it over my head for so long.
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
but I thought it would never happen.
Congratulations.
You deserve it.
And he's talking about giving the
futures department a bigger budget.
No.
Yes.
Really?
Which means. maybe. we'll have to
look for a more respectable office for you.
Well. um...
I don't know.
I'm giving you the biggest
offer I'm ever going to give you.
That would be great.
Mmhmm.
I always knew that you would
end up doing something great.
You forgot I existed.
Right. well. before that.
Thank you so much for having me.
You're welcome.
I'll be seeing you.
So. you know. Nigel
picked this out. so it's a lot.
I like a lot.
You do?
Yeah.
Okay. I'm just going to come out.
Yeah. just come out.
It's a lot.
Well. I mean. if this is what
you call a lot. I like it a lot.
Like. a lot.
Thank you.
Like. I don't think we
should cover this thing at all.
Yeah.
Don't do this. Maggie.
She's on so much of a zap pitch.
Try to eat a hot dog.
Projectile vomit.
Taking shot day.
Shoot shot.
I don't think we need to know why.
Okay. this is a pretty cool work party.
You like this sort of thing?
Everything that's run in this society. yep.
Okay. stop now.
Is that Hugh Jackman?
It is Hugh Jackman.
I just want to say hi.
I should know.
I'm not sure.
Do you know him?
Well. no. but if Australians say hi to each other
over cities. you know. it becomes a whole thing.
So I'll just say. how's mine?
G'day.
Okay.
All right.
It's basically simple science. you know?
At a certain point. we're just
not going to need our necks.
Oh. stop.
That is so crazy.
It's true.
It's a new tracheotechnology.
It's tracheal elimination.
I like my neck.
It's useful.
You can throw it in your tie collection.
That's for sure.
Can you hear that?
Emily is dating?
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Benji Barnes got us.
Look at him.
Utterly smitten.
Just torso.
No neck.
That's going to be us in space.
Cheers.
Every girl I've ever talked
to him in high school.
No. just really stick them out.
Because don't let them be heard.
You know me.
All the girls.
Let's go say happy birthday to her.
What fun.
Hello.
Sorry.
These parties were so much better.
Not for me.
Here's the birthday boy.
Thank you. darling.
So. Irm is about to announce
Miranda's new position.
Right now?
Mm-hmm.
At the end of the speech.
Here you are.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Cheers.
You know what I've got to say?
I love you.
I'm impressed with the way that
password happened between you and her.
What do you mean?
In Paris.
When she gave the job.
you wanted to shut clean.
Oh.
Twenty years ago.
She's done versions of that to
me a million times since then.
But. here I am.
By her side.
Or to the side.
You know.
A few steps behind.
And you'd rather be out front?
No.
Maybe you should tell her what you want.
Well. like you do.
Like everyone else does.
Benji. I want you to meet some of the people
I worked with at Runway a gazillion years ago.
This is. um. Nigel Kittling.
Nigel.
Pleasure.
And that's Andy's...
Oh. Andy.
Sash.
Andy.
Hi.
Oh.
That dress.
That is...
Wow.
So. I really...
Very nice.
Not couture.
Not custom.
But it's nice.
Say. are you the gal who wrote that
piece in Runway about my gal. Emily?
Uh. yes.
Oh. my God.
I gotta thank you.
Really?
That was so...
Intriguing to me.
The...
Writing?
Photos.
The photos were so good.
Right?
Yes!
Oh!
Is there a doctor?
Yeah.
Oh. my God.
A lot to think about.
A day like today really
puts things in perspective.
How fast time moves.
How we gotta focus on what's important.
And priorities.
My father loved Runway. you know.
Yes. he did.
So did your grandfather.
Yeah.
He hired me. you know.
And when he passed everything
over to Irv. we were the same age.
We worked so closely.
Yeah. right.
Now it's me and you.
And I look forward to carrying that
football into the end zone together.
The end zone.
So beautifully put.
Isn't this awful?
I can't believe this is happening.
It's terribly sad.
Yes. it is very sad.
Somehow Dolce addressed everyone here.
This entire funeral is their fault.
I mean. they must have drifted to everyone's
houses. flinging out freebies. no doubt.
Bloody Dick.
So sly.
He'll do anything to get back at me
since I put Kendall in the finale of 24.
Isn't she the greatest?
He's been chomping
at the bit for vengeance.
Yeah.
Over Kendall.
Can't believe there's
someone named Kendall.
What's she going to do?
Do you know?
Do we have any idea what
he's going to do with Rowan?
No. no. I have no idea.
But I mean you see the man.
He's not exactly a fashion icon.
He's dressed head to toe
in performance synthetics.
Throw a match at him and he'll go
up like a Christmas tree in March.
We're going to be okay. right?
Runway's so valuable. right?
I mean. even without
her. they know that. right?
Sorry.
So aggressively rhetorical.
You know. I have no idea.
We're just going to have to soldier on.
Runway Italy helped establish Milan as one of
fashion's most important bases of operation.
which is why we can own this.
The Brera Academy.
We're going to have a custom runway that
will be for fashion as well as musical acts.
The whole evening is going to kick off
with one of Miranda's trademark speeches.
This one will be about the intermingling
of runway and Italian couture.
I'm almost finished with
the speech. by the way.
It will be in your inbox
by the end of the week.
Yes. Marta?
Yeah. this thing with
Irv dying and all that.
When do we find out if things are changing?
Yeah. what's Jay's plan for the magazine?
Is he taking over?
Does he even like fashion?
I mean. where's Jacquard and Lorne?
I'd like to talk about the looks that we're
going to feature in the Brera Academy show.
Some of the bodies are
very interesting. very...
body...
negative?
Don't tell me you're
doing this body positive.
Why. really. when you think of it?
Oh my god. he's here.
Always loved your office.
Can't get views like this anymore.
And the size. I mean. wow.
I remember you coming to the
offices as a kid with your father.
And your little lacrosse stick.
tossing that ball up all around.
I broke a vase.
Did you?
I don't remember.
Anyway. sorry it took me a
while to stop by or call you back.
Maybe I didn't notice.
But now. I'm ready to get ducks in rows. kick
some concepts around with you. check boxes. lunch.
Now?
Bad time?
You slammed?
No. not at all.
I'll just get someone
to make a reservation.
Oh. cafeteria's fine.
I have a couple calls that
I should return anyway.
Um. I will see you there in ten.
Amari?
Yes?
We have a cafeteria?
Oh yes.
Really?
Cafeteria?
She's never even been to that floor.
It's frozen again.
I'll be back in twenty minutes.
Hey.
What's good here?
Um. all the...
things.
You know what?
Before we eat. why don't I
introduce you to some of the guys?
People.
Some of the people.
I didn't mean to bring all
these folks on you at once.
You didn't?
These are just some consultants
that I brought in for the restructure.
The best guys.
People.
The best people.
They'll be weighing in on
our organizational alignment.
Operational strategy.
Financial architecture.
Digital transformation.
User experience.
Everything.
Everything?
Sandy?
You want to fill Ms.
Priestley in on our concepts?
Absolutely.
Sandeep Kapoor.
Harvard MBA.
Not important.
You know. at our offices
we call you Miranda Beastly.
Because you're a beast in the game.
And unfortunately right now what's
happening is that beast is leashed.
And we need to let that beast free.
Let it roam.
Oh.
Undertakers.
No.
What?
Management consultants.
Like I said.
McKenzie. to my eyes.
Cute.
I wish I could hear what they were saying.
I know.
Anyone want for you?
What?
Can I sit here?
I worry about this generation of kids.
It went on for an hour.
Miranda in the middle
of that circle of suits.
I have no idea what was agreed to.
They're going to cut features first.
They always cut the writing first.
Look.
Miranda is resourceful.
Alright?
Whatever this new
situation is. she'll find a way.
Trust me.
She's always had a sense of head.
Well. it's just. you know. this
whole thing of having an actual job.
It's been. like. great. you know?
Yeah.
I know.
Hi.
I need to talk to you right now.
Okay.
What?
You know. you said that you wanted to know about what
Miranda and Jay were talking about in the cafeteria.
Yeah.
So?
What is that?
When I was getting fryo. I dropped my spoon on
the floor. and I put my phone under her chair.
and it was recording the whole time.
Gin?
Yeah.
What?
Yup. yup. yup.
You're such a badass!
Yeah. I know.
We took a look at your budgets and have
some immediate ideas for scale-downs.
Show the markets that we
are ready to crank that even up.
Okay.
You don't want to know.
Then don't tell me.
Oh.
I was kidding.
Let's go.
They're cutting everything.
Features reduced to nothing.
Fashion and beauty decimated.
Comes across all departments. and anyone who's been here
for longer than five years is too expensive and has to go.
I'm sorry.
That makes sense.
You know what she said?
No.
Not a single thing.
Nigel.
You know what I think?
I think I like the bag cross-body.
That's what I think.
Okay.
I'll leave you to it.
I just can't believe
this is happening again.
Another publication.
Delete it.
I'm sorry. Andy.
It sucks.
This is where it's all going. you know.
It's happening all over.
It's pharmacies.
It's bookstores.
It's you name.
And it's all being downsized.
It's all consolidating.
No.
I just can't accept that.
We can't just keep sucking the soul out of
everything and gutting it and then repackaging it.
To what end?
But it's...
We're replacing it.
You basically just described
what I've done with this building.
We're not talking about you right now.
We're talking...
Also. journalism matters
more than luxury apartments.
That's true.
I'm sorry.
This is such a spectacularly
healthy conversation.
Thank you.
Is it not?
No.
I might give you a minute.
Thanks.
Hey. I know you've got to go to Italy. but if you
want to catch up when you're back. I'd like it.
It's up to you.
Oh. hi. Stuart.
Andy.
Yes.
Are you alright?
Can I come in?
Sure. absolutely.
I wasn't expecting you. I suppose.
I'm sorry to bother you.
I just need...
Catch your breath.
Okay.
Is she here?
Yeah.
She's so...
Brave.
I don't mean to bother you.
I just need to talk.
Talk?
So. I just need to...
You have a plan. right?
A secret plan. like you did.
I can't hear you.
Don't you have people you can call?
I just want everyone to
lose their jobs. please.
We have been doing such great work lately.
We're attracting great
writers. and people care.
The magazine. again.
I mean. this job has let me hope. again.
for the future. for our future. my future.
I might be able to offer you some help.
Go home.
But I...
It's late.
Do not concern yourself with this.
It does not concern you.
Yes.
Allora. Milano.
Now. do you say that some new
directors have come in from on high?
Budget cuts?
Yes.
So. regarding Milan.
we're cutting John Legend.
Because he wants us to ship his
piano there. and that's too pricey.
So. no music.
Unless we call him a favor.
No.
She's impossible.
That cover almost...
killed me.
Fine.
No music.
Not at all.
Okay. fine.
I'll call her.
Thank you.
Now. there are a few new
policies across the board.
The first one is no more private cars.
Uber only.
And. as for the flights...
Good afternoon. ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome aboard United Airlines
Flight 19. with service to Milan Italy.
We'll be coming by with champagne for our flight
attendants. and we'd be glad to help you with your journey.
If you're seated in an economy.
would you help yourself to a drink?
I need something.
Give me something to drink.
What's wrong with her?
Why is she putting up with this?
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Uh. Ms. Priestley would like a
glass of her finest champagne.
I'm sorry. that's not served in this cabin.
They have snack boxes.
A snack box. perhaps?
What are you doing?
Uh. I hypnotized her.
I bet she's wearing a very nice necklace.
Yes?
I'm not surprised.
Last week I bought her a Monet.
And a Klimt.
Really?
Oh. yes.
Come on.
Do you know the camera?
Yes. I need to remember.
Mommy. you did work that he wants to echo for
Miss Madeline. but it was my idea to go there.
Oh. Bunny. what do we do
when we get a bit wobbly?
We. that's right. breathe in.
Breathe in.
Hold.
And breathe out.
And don't forget to tap-a-tap-a-tap-a-tap.
It's all the way.
There we are. is that better?
Uh-huh.
Okay. my love.
Now listen. can you go get Daddy?
All right. love ya.
What's up?
Frank. I'm in Milan.
And as you can see. I'm stretched
thinner than a pair of Spanx.
So can you just try parenting?
Go to Miss Madeline and
get them the bloody eclair.
I can't do it.
And with Emily. I'm here. so...
May the bridges I burn light my way.
Hi.
Do you have a sec?
Yes.
Okay.
Hello.
Look at us.
Up before dawn.
I just went for a stroll.
What are you doing?
Me?
Yeah. where are you going?
Como.
Ah.
Yeah. I'm doing that story on the winery.
Oh. right. right.
That's cute.
Dinner tonight?
I always take the time
for it at the Giacomo.
No gossip. say?
Uh-huh.
Okay. great.
I'll text you.
Okay.
Come on.
Window up.
Nigel's watching you.
I don't want to.
There she is.
Oh. hi. honey.
Hi.
Don't.
I'm just saying hello.
So how long have you had a place here?
Me?
Mm-hmm.
Oh. God.
That's it.
Oh. my God.
I don't know.
Nothing.
Oh. no. no. no.
Not for me.
No. thanks very much.
Ciao.
Not having anything?
No. I'm not doing water these days.
I'm trying to operate at an aqua deficit.
It's poison.
It's not poison.
It is poison.
So. uh. do you think we can pull this off?
Depends on what he's asking.
Oh. come on. BD.
You won't persuade anyone about a thing.
You know that.
That's true.
But I did persuade this
one to go on a date with me.
To go on a date with you?
We've all admitted that.
Oh. my God.
Please.
And if you hadn't seen
me before. I met this one.
I had ear hair.
Oh.
So much hair growing out of it.
I had to get him on a date.
I mean. the little. the buzzer.
Yeah.
And then the lawnmower.
The rest.
Oh. can you imagine?
The lawnmower in my chest.
I just like him like a bar of soap.
That's right.
Just hair.
Oh. there he is.
Oh.
JJ!
Real quick now.
You want to tell me quick?
You can tell me quick.
JJ!
You want to tell me slow?
You can tell me slow.
Does he not see us?
Not at all.
JJ!
Oh. there you are.
Oh. hi.
Hi.
Hey. how was your dinner?
Lovely.
How was yours?
Oh. you know. I just heard a room service.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah?
I love their bacalao mantecato here.
Yum.
It's so good.
Yeah.
They don't have that here.
That's a Venetian dish. not Milanese.
Tell me the truth.
What's going on?
Are you joking?
You're skulking.
I don't skulk when I see a skulk.
Tell me.
Oh. ma'am. she's here.
Morning.
I can't do this class.
Ready?
Obviously. security is
going to be very intense.
And we have hired
extensive rotazione for the art.
That's it.
Okay. everybody.
I'd like to run through
the dinner for the clients.
We're seated.
So. we have a U-shaped table.
That's the head up there.
We're going to be handing
around here some plates.
About 40 people.
And we're going to take the brands
and we're going to mix them up.
Do you know much about the Last Supper?
What?
An asthmatization act.
Painting this particular
scene was nothing new.
You can find frescoes and the
same subject matter all over Europe.
And the other version of the last supper
was a painting of a man who was dying.
A man in charge is
usually depicted with a halo.
People think that it was Da
Vinci's way of saying. we are human.
No one is perfect.
Humans are once glorious and fallible.
And inevitably. we deceive and betray
one another and let each other down.
Oh. my God.
Oh. it's what we're meant to do.
Wouldn't you agree?
Oh. excuse me.
What's Auntie doing?
Beating around the bush.
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
Miranda knows.
What?
What do you mean?
She knows.
How?
Did you plan?
No.
But I don't think she'd make
it terrifyingly clear to me.
She is aware something is up.
Oh. for God's sake.
We're just doing this to help her.
But I just can't honestly
care for the secrets anymore.
So I think we just.
like. we should tell her.
No.
We will wait until it is done.
Please.
Amy.
Bye.
Mi dai un momento.
Perchè se sembri così impaziente?
Donate per favore.
We need to tell Miranda.
We need to tell her now.
I feel a little bit sick.
I'm so nervous.
I can't breathe.
My neck is hurting.
Oh. I just had a feeling for once.
Please.
I'm so nervous.
Oh.
Families.
My Aunt Lani.
She's been human trafficked.
Oh.
Jay sprung for the big sweep.
I know.
Well. it's a little snug.
but. you know. I'll manage.
How can I help you two?
Um.
Okay.
Miranda.
What Jay wants to do with runway.
Scaling it so far back that it doesn't
even resemble what it used to be.
Cutting it in my department.
Nigel. and most of his department.
How do you know about that?
Look.
We all know how important
runway is and has been.
Yeah. I mean. runway is practically a
religion and it needs to be protected.
So I think. you know. the question
is who has the means to acquire it?
Will you two please spit it out already?
Um.
Benji's buying runway.
Benji?
Benji Barnes?
My Benji.
Made Jay Raddatz an offer
and Jay readily accepted.
And you had a part in this?
Yes. we're doing it to
protect runway and you.
You'll be editor-in-chief for
as long as you want to be.
I'm sorry.
I know we've had our
differences. but I just.
I never realized that you were
capable of this level of betrayal.
Betrayal?
No. Miranda.
We're preserving runway for you.
Oh. no. no. no.
Miss Emily is not preserving
anything for anybody.
Yes. she is.
Yes. of course she is.
Emily.
Tell her.
Yeah.
Emily.
Tell her.
Well. she's right.
Benji's buying runway for me.
So that I can run it.
What are you talking about?
Look. she's had a long run.
A historic run.
But she's exhausted.
And I'm fresher.
And younger.
I want to set tastes.
not just cater to them.
Why would you do this?
She knows why.
I have no idea.
You pushed me out. didn't you?
I did nothing of the kind.
You made Dior hire me.
To get rid of me.
Why?
Why did you do that?
For the same reason that you should
never be in charge of runway. Emily.
Because you're beautiful
and you're intelligent.
But. no.
You don't have what it takes.
I'm sorry.
But you're not a visionary.
You don't know.
You don't know the first thing about me.
You'll never catch him.
Oh. I think I do.
And I also think deep down.
Well. Benji's lawyers.
They will be in touch.
With all the details.
I have no idea.
I'm so sorry.
I just felt I had to do something.
I hope that's not what
you're wearing to the dinner.
Hey. what's up?
How are you?
Oh my god. Andy.
These pages you sent?
My boss is freaking out.
These are perfect.
Oh.
Uh. so about that.
There's so much promise here.
I'm sending you an offer and a contract.
And Andy. it's not 50.
It's not 100.
It's 350.
It's three freaking 50.
No.
No?
What do you mean no?
Don't you mean. like. hooray?
This book. it could harm Miranda.
I don't...
Which is fine. because she's atrocious.
It's more complicated than that.
Okay. Stockholm call.
They want their syndrome back.
I...
Can I call you back later?
Okay. thanks for letting me know.
The moon.
We've already been to the moon.
Now all the boys want to go to Mars.
What Mars?
Let's go to that big orange
star that we call the sun.
Totally unexplored.
We've been looking at it for centuries.
I'm going to build a little rocket.
I'm going to call it the Icarus.
Icarus did fly too close to the sun.
It did fly too close to the sun.
It did anti-fride.
That's...
You're missing the point.
It's like an island.
No. it's not.
Stockholm.
Hmm?
You look like a nervous cat.
A...
Compliment?
No.
Hang on a second.
Is it...
I don't know.
Why not?
I'm so sorry.
Excuse me.
I'm ready to make an announcement.
Whenever you're ready.
Oh. we're not closed yet.
Still ironing out some of the details.
Oh.
I see.
So generous what you're doing for Emily.
I know she has many plans.
But I do hope that some runway
traditions are allowed to remain.
Who knows?
Look. the world is changing so fast
sometimes that even I can't comprehend it.
It's all tradition.
I think a day is coming.
perhaps very soon. where.
you know. runway won't need
models or locations or even designers.
We'll just. you know...
Yeah.
Surely some things will stay the same.
A commitment to beauty.
Artistry.
The best in human achievement.
Maybe.
But look around.
We're in an ancient city that was once part of one of
the greatest empires that the world has ever known.
Now there's just little traces of it left.
The world is about change.
That's what human beings don't understand.
The future just comes rushing
at us like the lava of Pompeii.
Our job is to just let it
take what it wants to take.
One day it's going to come
and it's going to smother us all.
Then maybe that's the way it has to be.
Excuse me.
Yeah. sorry.
I should know those flights from
Copenhagen are always delayed.
Hey. hey. hey. what's wrong?
When it's time.
Oh.
You'll know.
And if I leave?
What happens?
What will I have?
What do you have?
We have the twins.
We've got one very badly behaved
dog. I've got to talk to you about him.
You have me.
Yes.
Yeah.
You bet.
What I have...
You can't decide anything
based on what you feel now.
Just imagine tomorrow.
Wake up.
You have an espresso.
You look out the window
at all the layers of the land.
Then you think. what's the
next thing you want to do?
Knock. knock. knock.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Come on.
Pull yourself together.
We have work to do.
And by we. I mean you.
I have shows to attend.
You have phone calls to make.
I have a long list of
people for you to rank.
Walk.
I don't want to tell you what to do.
Please wake her up.
You can wake her up.
This is just worth it.
You won't thank me.
I'm going to have to cut you back.
Wake her up.
Walk.
It's a good thing.
The clock is ticking.
My boss is badder than your mom.
I really need to talk to
them as soon as possible.
I've been trying all day.
Can you please wake them up?
I have had a lot of caffeine.
Yes.
Is Andrea here yet?
Can you please try again?
No. not like a hypothetical.
No. like now.
Now.
Don't you want to win?
I'm sorry.
It's time.
Have you heard from Andrea yet?
No. not yet.
So which way do I go?
This way.
I was surprised to hear from you.
Really?
Why is that?
Because you don't like me.
Oh. what an absurd notion.
You are such a favorite.
And we are so grateful
that you're doing this for us.
Well. of course I'm doing it.
Nigel said that I'd never get
another cover if I didn't do it.
I think so. yeah.
Doesn't sound like him.
No. you're right.
It sounds like someone else I know.
You can get dressed now.
I better go.
Break a leg.
Bye-bye.
Who let her in?
I understand. but if you could just...
It is...
That's great.
Thank you.
Yeah. thank you.
I'm going to get them right now.
Thank you so much.
Okay. so it took all day and my cell
phone bill is going to be a nightmare.
But I did it.
Your plan worked.
Are you sure?
Yes. but we have to go now if we're going.
Now?
So who are we?
Are we doing this?
There's a slight problem I have
to host this evening. you know.
I have to give the keynote speech.
No. there's someone else who can do it.
There's someone else who can speak on behalf of Runway
and represent it just as well as you if you let him.
Who?
Oh. he doesn't want to.
He wouldn't ever.
I would know if he wanted to...
do things like that.
Have I taken you for granted?
What?
In a world where everyone shouts and complains
and whines and screws up and tries to cover up.
Oh. there's you.
No.
There's always been you.
Yeah.
What?
And I need you.
I need you to help me.
Okay.
Because I'm leaving right now and I
need you to speak for us instead of me.
No. I can't do that.
Of course you can.
No. I can't.
Brilliant.
I'm not.
Of course you are.
Also. you wrote the damn
speech. so I know you know it.
Please. Nigel.
Okay.
Tonight. I'm here to talk about the
love affair between Runway and Italy.
And about Runway's continued pursuit
of the excellent. of the unparalleled.
in a world that we love so
much. the world of La Moda.
And tell me if this is a bit too much. but I was
thinking of the first issue that the cover girl could be.
A lion tail or a magician's assistant?
These are...
My God. do you work in a circus. Benji?
No. me. me.
Oh. that's brilliant.
Yes.
I know. because I'm a role model.
And most role models
are not as simple as I am.
That's true.
Okay. well. I'm going to call my PR girl.
I'm going to have them issue a statement.
The two speeches that are the cover girl.
What is it. Brad?
Can we swing our spines?
How much cash?
Equity?
Is it syndicated?
Okay.
I'm all out.
We just do that simple black and white.
I don't want to do black and white.
Why?
I think it'd be elegant.
So. here's the thing.
I've been trying to unload
Elias Clark for years.
Dad wouldn't let me.
some sentimental hang-up.
But just now. an offer
just fell from the sky.
So I took it.
But...
Sorry.
Are you saying that you sold
Runway to someone else?
I sold all of Elias Clark. including
Runway. to someone else.
No. you didn't.
Sorry. guys.
People.
No. no.
No. wait. wait. wait...
You're upset.
I don't like it when you're upset.
How could you have let this happen to me?
Who did this to me?
Who?
I have complete confidence in you as the editor
of the runway and our global head of content.
You'll have all the resources you need.
Show the world what you can do.
We will.
Do you think she'll be
able to stay out of things?
You heard her.
Hands off.
For now.
You know. I shouldn't thank you.
You really woke me up.
Somehow.
You should still write that book.
350K.
That's nothing to sneeze at.
How did I know?
Oh. Andy.
People run to tell you this kind of news.
They run.
You should write it and you
should keep all the juicy bits in.
How impatient I am and.
demanding and imperious and how
much of my children's lives I've missed.
Just put it all in there.
Because people should know.
They should know there's a cost.
I really do. don't you?
Yeah.
I just love it.
And if you write this book accurately. you
could buy me a couple more years at the top.
I'm not going to do that to you. Miranda.
Not anymore.
Why not?
Oh. because we're a team now?
Okay. go ahead. tell yourself that.
You wanted to save me.
That's a nice story.
And you are a good storyteller. but no.
what you wanted to save was yourself.
And the last clock is just the last
piece of wood floating next to the Titanic.
And for now. yeah. there
is room for both of us.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I didn't have to keep my life.
We can still do good work together.
Well. we have no choice.
Pinocchio.
Uh-uh.
Oh my God.
Dr. Pinocchio.
Pinocchio grande.
Thank you. this is very sweet. but
you know. she doesn't need any of this.
Nobody needs anything. but
who doesn't love a freebie?
It's a Valentino!
Do you love it?
You love me.
I love you.
Thank you.
Of course.
So. did you call him yet?
No.
I'm worried I'll say the wrong thing.
Maybe.
Go see him.
Say the wrong thing.
That's part of it.
Stop.
Sono felice di vederti.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I'm happy to see you.
In Italian?
Yes.
That was Italian.
Well. Sono. I'm happy
to see you in Italian too.
Listen. um. we didn't have a perfect hello.
and we certainly didn't have a perfect goodbye.
but maybe that doesn't mean
anything except we're not perfect.
And maybe we should
just be not perfect together.
I would love that.
Hello again.
Here you go.
Hello.
Cool hair.
Thank you.
Well. I screwed up.
Rather broily.
It's okay.
Really?
Everyone screws up.
I'm obviously very happy to hear that.
although I'm slightly shocked you'd...
compromise your much-vaunted values for me.
Yeah. well. you know. sometimes you gotta.
Charlie thinks I coach.
I mean. honestly. fine.
Great.
It's fine.
Those other people were
so mean about my French.
Got a bit sick of it.
Do you know that I called you?
Yeah. I do.
That's why I wrote it in there.
No. I mean. after you left
Romwe the first time. I...
Called you?
You called me?
I called you.
You...
Oh. yeah. I remember.
I got a packet out from you.
Bloody hell.
No. I wanted us to be...
I thought we could be pals.
No.
No. don't make that face.
It's not a big deal.
It was obviously too late now. wasn't it?
Why?
Because I'm like persona
non grata. that's why.
That's me.
Then can I just say. you're gonna get your shot
to be whatever it is that you do want to be.
I don't know about that.
You know. Benji broke up with me.
It's gonna be so hard to
find that kind of patron again.
You don't need him. or a fashion
house. or a patron. or anything.
You don't need...
You...
Are iconic.
Well. that is a lovely compliment.
So...
Hmm?
Friends?
I don't want to hold your
hand. but yes. friends.
What is wrong with my eyebrows?
Look. it's not...
it's not fatal.
I'm gonna take you somewhere.
and it's gonna be a transformation.
Alright.
Thank you so much.
Enjoy.
No. they are.
I ordered them.
Don't carb shame me.
Just a little happy.
Don't you know that shared
carbs have no calories?
You know what?
I think I do.
Jen. you gotta stop.
You're a junior editor now.
But we match.
I ate your same order. so
I want to be just like you.
Thank you.
Is that toast?
Goatee?
Yeah. I thrifted it.
The listing was misspelled.
Steal!
Oh. hey. did you get the...
Yes. we have more than our budget now.
This is cute.
You and me together for the long run.
Like you said. fate's funny like that.
Yeah. that's true.
Fate. and a couple of well-timed
tips to Jade Rabbit. yeah.
With glowing recommendation
from me. of course.
This whole time. you thought that
this job just dropped into your lap.
So sweet.
Imagine right now.
Here's the last folder for
assistance number one.
That's me.
Thank you.
Congratulations on your promotion. Mari.
I really deserved it. didn't I?
Certainly.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Miranda Priestley's office.
A draft of a lead story for next month.
Hard copy.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Something else?
Not right now.
Go.